What on earth did I think about all the time before you?
If loving you was a job, I’d be the most deserving, dedicated, and qualified candidate. In fact, I’d even be willing to work for free!
Your smile is literally the cutest thing I’ve ever seen in my life.
If someone asked me to describe you in just two words, I’d say “Simply Amazing.”
Sometimes I just think back to the first time I laid eyes on you. I knew right then that I had found someone incredible. Ever since that very moment all I have ever wanted was to be with you. No matter how dark my day is, seeing you always brightens it and makes me realize that with you, I am doing right. Your heart is so pure and so forgiving that it will always be the center of my attention, no matter what else is going on in my life. I look forward to this day and many more just like it for you will forever be in my heart.
You have gripped my soul with a ferocity reserved for a castaway clinging to a raft in the middle of the ocean. If my soul is the raft, it is your hold that keeps me afloat. Don’t ever let go. I love you.
Whenever I am with you, it is like having my emotional batteries recharged with joy. Your smile radiates into me. Your touch sends little shivers through my body. Your presence pleases my mind and your soul pours peace on mine. I love you…madly, sincerely, completely and with no reservation, in a way that is blissfully wonderful.
You make me forget how to breathe.
Nobody is perfect, but you’re so close it’s scary
All I need is you right here. Love you lots (:
I love you more than I did yesterday but not more than I will tomorrow
Come to my dreams if you can. I’ll kiss you there.
One text from you changes my whole mood.
Sometimes I wonder if love is worth fighting for, but then I remember your face and I`m ready for war.
When I looked at my past, I saw something missing and then the reason it was so bad. You in my present, I look at my future and how complete it is!
Your touch does to me what a pebble does when dropped into the calm waters of a lake. You send ripples through my body and my soul. I love you sweetie.
I’m having one of those days that make me realize how lost I’d be without you.
When you feel alone, just look at the spaces between your fingers, and remember that’s where my fingers fit perfectly.
You have this incredible way of making my heart happy.
One day it finally came true, the special someone that I loved, loved me too, and that special someone was you.
To survive, humans need air, food and water. I just need your hugs, smiles and kisses.
To the love of my life, I wish you have the best out of today. Perfection in all you set your heart to do. Stay great and lovely for me dear.
Life has never been better, thanks to you, sweetheart!
The only word to describe you, is MINE (:
To have you as my girl is my honor.
I wish you more than you wish me for the day. I wish you smiles and laughter birthed by sweet memories. Have the best of your day dear.
My thoughts are free to go anywhere, but it’s surprising how often they head in your direction.
When I close my eyes, I see you. When I open my eyes, I see you. There is nothing I can do without thinking of you.